Best Selenium Automation Training in Bangalore

KRN INFORMATIX is a stop shop for software testing training services .This institute provides young job aspirants, the perfect launch-pad to build a gratifying career in the growing IT sector. Besides training, we also provide placement assistance to our students and most of the big corporate in the corporate world will hire our trained talent. Among all the trainees in KRN INFORMATIX,100% of the trainees are working as IT professionals in various MNCs .This indicates clearly that the KRN INFORMATIX teaching methodology is beyond the industry standards. We have helped Fresher’s, Software Engineers, Working Professionals, business leaders, Corporate Companies and individuals incorporate the Knowledge in to their Minds through hands-on Real time training.

KRN INFORMATIX is where talent meets opportunity and we believe your search for the dream job or the dream professional ends here . Most importantly, our methodology is practical and designed according to our client’s needs and requirements.The humans who were honored from other species are able to effort miracles, where we call them as “TECHNOLOGY”. KRN INFORMATIX is the leading organization involved to drag you towards the” TECHNOLOGY”.Our institute believes that”The person who has everything will be in a position that the victory awaits for him normally called LUCK. We are here to place the things in order to enhance the gap between the industrial requirements and what our institute currently offering for fulfilling those requirements.

There is a saying that “Success will never reach you accidentally”
We are here for you to build your own future for your better tomorrow.
About KRN Informatix
KRN INFORMATIX is an established hub for IT Education in Bangalore. What the institute have is an expertise in delivering Corporate, Public, and execution of Software Testing Projects and all types of Testing Solutions. The institute provides IT programs with a thrust on long-term career qualifications and high-end, short-term programs in information technology. The institute also has a significant business presence in the institutional segment where it offers Total Learning Solutions to Individuals, Corporate, and Government.

Why KRN Informatix
Career Oriented and VALUED Qualifications
Renowned and Recognized No 1 Software Testing Institution in Bangalore
Our Qualifications are practical oriented and designed in line with Market demand

Our Vision
Our main objective is to progress exponentially with focus on quality deliveries, spread across key IT cities thus gaining wide recognition as one of the most competent entities in the software field and to aim at being a public trading company listed on major courses.

Our Mission
To provide quality Software Testing Training with Live Projects and serve industries by providing trained human resources.
